Update Accept-CH format (#4392)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/user-agent-client-hints/index.md

Learn how to update your existing functionality that relies on parsing the
User-Agent string to make use of User-Agent Client Hints instead.

> {% Aside 'gotchas' %}
> The header format for User-Agent Client Hints is changing so the `Accept-CH`
> tokens exactly match the returned headers. That means where a site would
> previously have sent `Accept-CH: UA-Platform` to receive the
> `Sec-CH-UA-Platform` header, now the site sends `Accept-CH: Sec-CH-UA-Platform`.
> If you are already using User-Agent Client Hints then you should send both
> formats until the change has fully rolled out in stable Chromium. See [Intent to
> Remove: Rename User-Agent Client Hint ACCEPT-CH
> tokens](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/t-S9nnos9qU/m/pUFJb00jBAAJ)
> for updates.
> {% endAside %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Banner 'caution', 'body' %}
If you are already using User-Agent Client Hints, pay attention to the upcoming changes.
The header format is changing so the `Accept-CH` tokens exactly match the 
returned headers. Previously a site could have sent `Accept-CH: UA-Platform` to receive the
`Sec-CH-UA-Platform` header and now that site should send `Accept-CH: Sec-CH-UA-Platform`.
If you've already implemented User-Agent Client Hints, send both
formats until the change has fully rolled out in stable Chromium. See [Intent to
Remove: Rename User-Agent Client Hint ACCEPT-CH
tokens](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/t-S9nnos9qU/m/pUFJb00jBAAJ)
for updates.
{% endBanner %}
```

Reviewer: I've suggested a slight rephrase here that identifies the target audience for this info upfront and switched to a banner component to make it more prominent.

appropriate resolution.

{% Aside %}
There are ongoing discussions on enabling Client Hints on an initial request,

> but you should be considering [responsive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but you should consider [responsive
```

design](/responsive-web-design-basics) or progressive enhancement before going
down this route.
{% endAside %}

User-Agent Client Hints expand the range of properties with the `Sec-CH-UA`
prefix that can be specified via the `Accept-CH` server response header. For all
the details, start with [the
explainer](https://github.com/WICG/ua-client-hints/blob/master/README.md) and
then dive into the [full proposal](https://wicg.github.io/ua-client-hints/).

{% Aside %}
Client Hints are **only sent over secure connections**, so make sure you have

> [migrated your site to HTTPS](https://web.dev/why-https-matters/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[migrated your site to HTTPS](/why-https-matters).
```

{% endAside %}

The new set of hints is available from Chromium 84, so let's explore how it
all works.

## User-Agent Client Hints from Chromium 84

User-Agent Client Hints will only be enabled gradually on Chrome Stable as
[compatibility
concerns](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=1091285) are

> resolved. To force the functionality on for testing, ensure you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resolved. To force the functionality on for testing:
```

> - are on Chrome 84 **beta** or equivalent
> - enable the `chrome://flags/#enable-experimental-web-platform-features` flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Chrome 84 **beta** or equivalent.
- Enable the `chrome://flags/#enable-experimental-web-platform-features` flag.
```
